= DESCRIPTION:

MySQL recipes for setting up clients, servers, and MySQL replication.

For replication, you only have to set the 'mysql/server/replication/role'
attribute to either 'master', 'dualmaster', or 'slave' (depending on what
sort of infrastructure you're looking for), and everything sets itself up
as required.  Automatic MySQL replication requires use of the Opscode Platform
or an installation of chef-server.

If you don't plan on using automated MySQL replication, you can alternatively
just apply the mysql::server or mysql::client roles, which should setup a plain
box that can be configured for replication through other means.

= REQUIREMENTS:

Red Hat/CentOS preferred.

= ATTRIBUTES:

attributes/replication.rb contains default, tunable attributes for MySQL
replication.  attributes/default.rb applies to all server types.

= USAGE:

Create a node/role file, and make sure you have this general structure:

  default_attributes "mysql" => {
                       "server" => {
                         "bindaddress" => "<ip>",
                         "datadir" => "/var/lib/mysql",
                         "logdir" => "/var/log/mysql",
                         "replication" => {
                           "role" => "master",
                           "user" => "replication",
                           "password" => "foobar"
                         }
                       }
                     }

= LICENSE AND AUTHOR:

Author:: Lee Huffman (<lee.huffman@blueboxgrp.com>) - mysql::client, default, server

Author:: Christian Paredes (<christian.paredes@blueboxgrp.com>) - mysql::master, slave, dualmaster

Copyright:: 2010, Blue Box Group, LLC

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
